Update README.md (#1)
piisa/piisa: README.md

# piisa

> This is the Personal information identification standard (Piisa) repository. We are working on an on open specifications for interoperating between variouos privacy API frameworks. 

Reviewer: there is a typo here: _we are working on an **on** open_

Reviewer 2: good catch

Reviewer 2: Fixed

> This is the Personal information identification standard (Piisa) repository. We are working on an on open specifications for interoperating between variouos privacy API frameworks. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is the Personal information identification standard (Piisa) repository. We are working on an open specification for interoperating between various privacy API frameworks. 
```

# piisa

PIISA stands for a *Personal Identifiable Information Standard*. This standard allows seamless interoperability between various PII detection frameworks.

## Specification

[Click here for the latest specification document](docs/specs.md).

## Who are we

> We are a team of privacy enthusiasts who are interested in improving de-identification across multiple domains. 

Reviewer: maybe something in the lines of _PII management_ would be more encompassing than "de-identification" (which is a key application, granted, but need not be the only one)

Or _PII management, including de-identification_, which has it all :-)

Reviewer 2: Good idea. I'll change it

Reviewer 2: Changed. Could you please re-review and re-approve?
